1.Block storage:

local SSD:

Compute Engine offers always-encrypted local solid-state drive (SSD) block storage for virtual machine (VM) instances. 
Each local SSD is 375 GB in size, but you can attach a maximum of 24 local SSD partitions for 9 TB per instance. 
Optionally, you can format and mount multiple local SSD partitions into a single logical volume.


9 TB maximum capacity
You can create an instance with:

16 local SSD partitions for 6 TB of local SSD space and performance of 1.6 million read IOPS
24 local SSD partitions for 9 TB of local SSD space and performance of 2.4 million read IOPS

Good For:
Flash-optimized databases
Hot caching layer for analytics
Application scratch disk

Persistent disks:

Persistent disks are durable network storage devices that your instances can access like physical disks in a desktop or a server. 
Persistent disks are located independently from your virtual machine (VM) instances, so you can detach or move persistent disks to keep your data even after you delete your instances.

By default, each Compute Engine instance has a single boot persistent disk (PD) that contains the operating system. 
When your apps require additional storage space, you can add one or more additional storage options to your instance.

Zonal persistent disk: Efficient, reliable block storage.
Regional persistent disk: Regional block storage replicated in two zones.

2. File storage

Filestore

Fully managed service for file migration and storage. Easily mount file shares on Compute Engine VMs.
-->Firestore is a NoSQL, document-oriented database. We store data in documents, and a group of document is called collections.
-->Each document contains a set of key-value pairs and max size of a document is 1Mb.
-->A document can't contain another document it can point to another collection.
-->While storing data  If either the collection or document does not exist, Firestore creates it and store data in the document.
-->Firestore is schemaless, means each document in the collection can contain different field, but it's recomended to have same feild in each document inside a collection.
Good for:

Data analytics
Rendering and media processing
Application migrations
Web content management